Peter colt was once a rising star once
ranked 15th revolver year 11th actually
who never rose to the top
that's Peter Koch once ranked 17th in
the world 11 now
in his final tournament since this may
well be my last one button press
conference like to announce my
retirement it's Jake that's my
retirement from tennis he's about to
meet someone who knows what it takes to
win oh sorry Ron core Vincent robbery
right yeah ten bucks says you can't hit
two in a row you're exceeding my
expectations one two hit this one and
I'll sleep with you
Wow too bad you could have used the
workout my daughter is on a roll right
now I don't want to have any distraction
right of course
sorry just a clarified you see me as a
destruction this fall the guy everyone
counted out go out there and decide who
you are might not be might be a winner
incredible this is the first seated
player he's defeated in two years is now
the guy everyone's talking about which
that I always say about you you know
stole my Asian right here you are
existing again so I'm back selling again
you know I genuinely despise you from
the creators of Notting Hill and Bridget
Jones I know that Lizzie likes to ever
fund this time it's different she's
fallen for you
kirsten dunst Paul Bettany what you
think makes the song strong there she
makes a decision she goes for it when
you fear nothing not ads or the pressure
but you know the entire United Kingdom
is cheering you on
yeah anything is possible
you're doing so great this happen you
winning so keep winning it's when your
hearts really in it that you play your
best and for one moment the world is
yours for the taking
Wimbledon there'll never be another
tournament another trophy meant again
that's right Leslie busy busy